Hello dear friends with you I am a crane
and today I decided to share with you
secret lower secret
but rather, I knew this chip already
a long time ago I hope it still works
because I recently wrote one
man and says listen to the screen I tell you
I want to throw one idea for the video very
I initially thought about 5 interesting
some garbage will write this guy but
not that interesting to me all the same
hinted but I already guessed even
several secrets
from the sleeve it became about this a
exactly what kind of topic today will be us
so let's say cherish this one how to get
top tank with you
statistics there was not a single fight first
pretty simple way I think many
immediately guessed how not to
displayed statistics tanks
it rock and well yeah you started there twinka
swing porridge so that there is no one in
statistics is through team battles
team statistics, we separately and on the
your random at all does not spoil and
so you can take any premium
tank of the eighth level and go bend in
team battles to pump the farm crew and
just then combine a little bit and
a little bit how it will cost
a tidy sum to you through freedoms
q immediately take the top ten but what effect
you will have friends you are pumping experience
accumulate accumulate translate it
for gold for a huge amount of gold and
it turns out so you have a dozen but when
this any person comes to you
statistics and sees that in a random house you are not
held a single battle but immediately you
I will say that it is not all secrets and you can still
more than 14 effects
yes, on the one hand, a lot is necessary
Donat again these three
much can reason about that correctly
it or wrong but we are talking now
about the facts about how you can
blow minds oleshek their statistics
are they talking about donating
Is it worth getting a twink?
now we just make up about the facts and this one
fact first he is not very interesting
because anyone can come to you
statistics guess what you are through
team battles through straight tank swung
imagine the top to the very side beautiful but
you can do even more insidious and
know what to do level 1 to 50 and
not having a single fight at all
teams not in company battles in any fights
Your statistics will be as pure as I know.
like a hymen
Well, here everything will be more expensive in
plan financially you know what you need
I will tell you
if you don’t know then we have one
account i.e. world of tanks world of
warplanes and the future of the world of warships
have one common acc and have
overall gold and free experience therefore
you have to sweat a little for this
you will have to play world of warplanes
on the farm there is a whole cloud of experience about
half a million friends translate this all for
that is financially necessary
spend money but the fact remains that at the
you will not have the freedom to go
in dan through this common account one and
simply pump the first tank
ten and you will have statistics
show up
Well, you ride one fight on your
Desyatochki there so let's give them a barrel
you are there to spend t57 heavy or
waffle which is more than that
all the same so oppression and summer in the babakhu
ride 11 bad you will
statistics just one fight on the tenth
level
not in the team there in the company no one
you will not be a single fight you all
go through freedoms sledgehammer warplanes
and through a single account
and believe you can just here if you
there is rich to wear it all
play one fight and somewhere on the forum
there do not know to be exhibited and it will
truly blow up we aly chicane
they won't even imagine
that this topic was already a long time ago with
the release of world of warplanes a but i'm sure
which is ninety nine and nine percent
players have not heard about it, I something cheese
I was told this right away there as early as
beginning but it seems to me it will be very
interesting and of course there will be no
unique if you were so
bragged and now I told everything
will know what is possible through the aircraft
I hope to get myself a top
you are working by the way not stating the plane already
a long time ago did not play but in general if
you like do not forget to put
Like and subscribe to the channel with you
i'm cron all the luck in the random and smaller
before the nation then it was already sold out
potatoes paid you to pay a bunch
money and yourself in donatil who wins a single
battles but no luck at random